Changelog for 2.5.0.1 (#11722)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-mac/release-notes.md

For information about Edge releases, see the [Edge release notes](edge-release-notes.md). For Docker Desktop system requirements, see
[What to know before you install](install.md#what-to-know-before-you-install).

## Docker Desktop Community 2.5.0.1
2020-11-10

> [Download](https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac/)

### Upgrades

- [Compose CLI v1.0.2](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli/releases/tag/v1.0.2)
- [Snyk v1.424.2](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/releases/tag/v1.424.4)

### Bug fixes and minor changes

> - Fix segfault in Virtual Box version check on Big Sur. See [docker/for-mac#4997](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4997).

Reviewer: "Fixed an issue that caused Docker Desktop to crash on MacOS 11.0 (Big Sur) when VirtualBox was also installed."

> - Fix segfault in Virtual Box version check on Big Sur. See [docker/for-mac#4997](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4997).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed segfault in Virtual Box version check on macOS Big Sur. See [docker/for-mac#4997](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4997).
```

## Docker Desktop Community 2.5.0.0
2020-11-02

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we update the download URL for 2.5.0.0?

Reviewer 3: This is https://desktop.docker.com/mac/stable/49427/Docker.dmg

Reviewer 4: ```
> [Download](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/stable/49427/Docker.dmg)
```

Author: Done!
